hey people here is your mass with one
new amoled report 60 amulette sits
again and I hope you have me
the thumb pressed
or I hope the presses me
thumb that I'm a good one this time
Amulet get and we start too
directly and see if we have this
times more luck we have the amuletten
the last sick one before that was yes
really catastrophic not just one
only wrestler this was not the case
could sell and that's why I hope
but that I am not with the ambulatory
again more lucky 7.5 have critical
and with 230 and I do not believe that
here what we have that we have here
gold women 43 believes max goldt is from
yes already 50 on dinamo
Latvians and max ms were 45's too
worthless
wow 96 christa will be 45 magic 1 5% live
71 will be 187 intelligence or would go
well what will get for the
Factory sales have been a few
months up here
that was a few more small ones
that i have so diaboli a bit
what could be worth how I pack times
down here not that later
We still sell and we still do
directly further 621 are already like that
a horny devils amulet or spectator
summer there volt be 230
9,5 thong and the rest totally
it can not be is there was
Ambassador is such a shit on it
Here's how it dawns on mediatex
four percent
1580 live skeptical after the kiliani
on we go 6
what do we have here text yes here
everything will be just right in flex strength
nothing is nothing
560 live and heated but the best
Protection is currently gold for us
by david solo is now only 735 43
Nor was kurt hohmann come on
match enemy no capital people says
I noticed on the bridge already
again nothing but nothing
worth I have again kripp the 97
man really gold a little joke
strength in problem is more critical alone
do not go
7,5 with and gold relatively loose
That was my only amulet
only amulet but all again
the dealer purely what we want with the
swan like this time
and now let's have a look
but ultimately what we found
could be worth i think thats
again such a heavy match heard here
looking for magic enemy
Today, most of them are in the
these 250's will be 70 50's cryptologic
80 and live eight of course
no comparable this is one
comparable operate twelve more
percent live on it is there already
offered what could this argument worth
his
he would like to collect only for
but I am determined
again no commandments on it 50 it is
you do not mind it 44 44 sometimes
ford for me out of about 150
is not there 40 40
there's also not customer in the
There is no amoled combination
There are people here who are so similar
was
we have significantly less seated man
no idea
I really do not know what we're doing
let's just have a gaudi myself
knows that is that it is much too expensive
and what no one amoled this for
would buy price
I do it now actually times
easy on 25 50 million pure
time pressure because of items I sell
forever it can not go away then
at the liberal award
just halve once
and then we will see how much
this amoled in the end effect of
on sale is
But that's my price for now
Maybe someday she will buy caro
I would like to do that again
I wish you much
good luck with your bulettes that he does not
gets so fucked like me here the whole
time and yes until next time thumb
high new matip
[Music]